Count.
Study
What's your relationship?
I'm his boyfriend.
But two days before you and I went to the wedding dress shop to pick up the wedding dress, didn't you have a boyfriend?
Yeon-yeon, what are you talking about?
A few days ago at the wedding dress shop tried on the wedding dress.
It's your thoughts.
Listen to me.
That day at the wedding dress shop, you went with your friend to bleed for tea.
It's not bleeding, he's been stealing what I care about the most since he was a kid.
I'm afraid he'll steal you.
So I didn't tell him when we were supposed to meet.
Art Niu is not such a person, you can see that you have just finished a short evening with him for a few days, and you have already favored him.
He likes to act in front of men.
This man won't like him anymore.
You saved me.
I swear I'll marry you.
Won't touch other women.
Um, but Sister Snow, she's self-respecting and sensitive.
Let's not tell her anything after that.
Okay, you're the best.
Yeon-yeon, what's going on?
The first snow, Xu Ninh and I had been planning to kiss the doll since childhood.
I'm just not serious.
Then, after I had success with him, I found him too good.
But I was self-conscious and didn't want to settle down before telling me.
I swear.
Next time you lie to me, I'll break up with you.
Yes.
My favorite part of the snow is the snow.
That's great.
Let's go.
Hi Yeon-yeon.
I'm General Manager Gu's secretary.
You are the fiancé of General Director Gu, this is my job, I can come.
Ten years, what are you going to do?
To see my grandmother.
Since he met you 15 years ago.
I always remember you.
Think about you.
What? That old lady saw you bleeding.
Ten years, or another day.
I'm not ready.
Did my good nephew bring my good nephew's daughter-in-law back?
Grandmother, this is your niece-in-law.
Destiny.
This isn't the girl who saved you.
He's talking to Xiao Ninh.